Updating cost mangement doc (#7617)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/cost-management/cost-management.md

- There may be discrepancies in cost comparison between the dashboard and the data platform UI, as they may reflect different numbers depending on the time period or range selected.
- The cost metric may not perfectly reflect queries with very small durations, which may also skew the average.
- The consumption metric includes all queries of a given model in the warehouse, beyond just analytics use cases, so it is best for relative comparison between resources.

> - The consumption metric relies on mapping the dbt model to its tables in the warehouse, so it may be imprecise depending on how the mapping change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The consumption metric relies on mapping the dbt models to their tables in the warehouse, so it may be imprecise depending on how those mappings change.
```

> - A dbt run results in multiple executions (run steps) issuing queries, which makes it less intuitive to reason about, so in the future, we'll be moving toward more run-centric metrics (grouping/aggregating).

Reviewer: I suggest to break the one long sentence into two so it's easier to read. 
```suggestion
- A dbt run results in multiple executions (run steps) issuing queries, which makes it less intuitive to reason about. In the future, we'll be moving toward more run-centric metrics (grouping/aggregating).
```
